{"en":"They can be friendly and affectionate towards humans,  but they lead mysterious lives of their own as well. ^ ","ch":"它们可以对人友好， 充满柔情。 但是， 它们又有自己神秘的生活方式。  "}
{"en":"They never become submissive like dogs and horses. ^ ","ch":"它们从不像狗和马一样变得那么顺从。  "}
{"en":"As a result,  humans have learned to respect feline independence. ^ ","ch":"结果是人们已经学会尊重猫的独立性。  "}
{"en":"Most cats remain suspicious of humans all their lives. ^ ","ch":"在它们的一生中， 大多数猫都对人存有戒心。  "}
{"en":"One of the things that fascinates us most about cats is the popular belief that they have nine lives. ^ ","ch":"最使我们感兴趣的一件事情就是一种通俗的信念--猫有九条命。  "}
{"en":"Apparently,  there is a good deal of truth in this idea. ^ ","ch":"显然， 这种说法里面包含着许多真实性。  "}
{"en":"A cat's ability to survive falls is based on fact. ^ ","ch":"猫在跌落时能够大难不死是有事实作为依据的。  "}
{"en":"Recently the New York Animal Medical Center made a study of 132 cats over a period of five months. ^ ","ch":"最近， 纽约动物医疗中心对132只猫进行了为期5个月的综合研究。  "}
{"en":"All these cats had one experience in common:  they had fallen off high buildings,  yet only eight of them died from shock or injuries. ^ ","ch":"所有这些猫都有一个共同的经历：它们都曾从高层建筑上摔下来过， 但只有其中的8只猫死于震荡或跌伤。  "}
{"en":"Of course,  New York is the ideal place for such an interesting study,  because there is no shortage of tall buildings. ^ ","ch":"当然， 纽约是进行这种有趣的试验的一个理想的地方， 因为那里根本不缺乏高楼大厦，  "}
{"en":"There are plenty of high-rise windowsills to fall from! ^ ","ch":"有的是高层的窗槛从上往下坠落。  "}
{"en":"One cat,  Sabrina,  fell 32 storeys,  yet only suffered from a broken tooth. ^ ","ch":"有一只叫萨伯瑞娜的猫从32层楼上掉下来， 但只摔断了一颗牙。  "}
{"en":"'Cats behave like well-trained paratroopers. ' a doctor said. ^ “","ch":"猫就像训练有素的跳伞队员， ” 一位医生说。  "}
{"en":"It seems that the further cats fall,  the less they are likely to injure themselves. ^ ","ch":"看起来， 猫跌落的距离越长， 它们就越不会伤害自己。  "}
{"en":"In a long drop,  they reach speeds of 60 miles an hour and more. ^ ","ch":"在一个长长的跌落过程中， 它们可以达到每小时60英里甚至更快的速度。  "}
{"en":"At high speeds,  falling cats have time to relax. ^ ","ch":"在高速下落中， 猫有时间放松自己。  "}
{"en":"They stretch out their legs like flying squirrels. ^ ","ch":"它们伸展四肢， 就像飞行中的松鼠一样。  "}
{"en":"This increases their air-resistance and reduces the shock of impact when they hit the ground. ^ ","ch":"这样就加大了空气阻力， 并减小了它们着地时冲击力带来的震动。  "}